These mutations do face one big issue
or maybe it's a big issue, maybe it's not,
they always have to be synchronous.
So you may not run or you must not run any asynchronous task in such a mutation,
so if in here you want to set a timeout and do something for a couple of seconds or more realistically,
reach out to a server,
this will not work.
A mutation always has to be synchronous otherwise the main benefit of it having an easy to track adjustment
of your state, so knowing when your state gets changed gets lost because if that happens asynchronously,
you can't track which mutation was responsible for which change because the state might change and then
change again from another mutation which actually was started first but happened to be asynchronous
and just took longer than an in-between mutation which was synchronous.
So your state gets changed from different sources and you can't tell if the order of changes matches the order
of mutations because some mutations might take longer than others.
So that is a problem,
we want to have this reliability in that we know when we run a mutation, this changes the state immediately.
But on the other hand, we also need the functionality to be able to run async tasks,
so how do we combine both asynchronous tasks with mutations?